hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be telling you all of the books that I
read in August I managed to read 30
books this month which is probably a
record for me in July I only read 7 keep
in mind that I am including short
stories and essays critical essays in
this list I'm not gonna be able to talk
about each one for a very long time but
I'm just gonna run through them give a
very brief synopsis the first book that
I read is like a soggy banana by Lorca
and this is a Spanish play which is
saying that a level Spanish at my school
play explores convention and especially
right-wing politics and how people can
feel very enclosed next book is back
which is actually shortlisted for the
Carnegie Medal and this is about a young
black boy who is sexually abused and by
a priest and he runs away to Canada and
it's his adventures on these roads and
the people he encounters the next book
is birdsong with by Sebastian Faulks
which is again a text that I was asked
to read for school and I loved it it's a
beautiful story
commenting on the effects of war you
have before during and after and how one
person has such an impact one thing that
I will say is it is very explicit
I wouldn't recommend this to anyone
younger than about 16 the next book is
Titanic survivor memoirs by violet
Jessop who worked aboard the Titanic and
it's her experiences of the ship sinking
but it also encompasses her life before
and her life afterwards I find ships pre
wobble one really interesting to read
about and learn about and so it really
it gave me a really great insight on
what it was like to work on these ships
then I read quarantine by Jim Crais
which is about a group of people who
decide to spend 40 days in the desert
and these people are actually in the
desert at the same time as Jesus when he
is trying to resist temptation from the
devil the next book is a runs an run by
Catherine MacPhail and I've got to say
that I wasn't very impressed by this
book I thought that I'd enjoy
because it's a book about yes oh my gosh
that really scared me I thought
something had happened to you I didn't
like it I've got to be honest the next
book is Paradise Lost by John Milton
which has been on my reading list for
such a long time but it's quite daunting
to approach the language is quite dense
and quite cheeky however I am so glad
that I read it on the back of this I've
actually decided to use this text in my
coursework for English so comparing it
to Frankenstein leading on from there
actually the next book is fokin Stein by
Mary Shelley this is the book that I
actually read back in year 8 but as I
said we are studying this for a level
and so I was asked to reread it it was
just as incredible the second time the
first time I read it I remember just
falling in love with the story
obviously Victor Frankenstein isn't
necessarily the most admirable character
in the world he is an incredible
character nonetheless one of my favorite
things to do is look at the Christian
theology behind the text I'm really
fascinated by how different Christian
denominations can approach the same text
and how their religious beliefs can
shape that understanding of it and
obviously this was extremely prominent
in Frankenstein because Shelley was of
course inspired by the creation story in
Genesis and especially that of Milton
which really does make Paradise Lost the
perfect comparison text I loved picking
out the similarities between both texts
having just finished Paradise Lost I did
however ponder quite deeply on who
represented who if this really were an
allegory for the creation story the next
book that I read is the bridge of San
Luis Rey which is about the collapse of
a bridge in Peru and how this effects
lots of different people it takes you
through the stories of three different
people and at the end of each one you
find this reference to the bridge and so
you've got this relationship between all
individuals and how everyone's linked I
really enjoyed the span of culture
behind this because as you know I
studied Spanish last year the next book
is definitely not as cultural and
canonical as the last three oh because
another Lucy Harrisonville coaches dial
alpha loser as I said I read her books
for nostalgic purposes the next book is
Northern Lights I think it was a
beautiful novel very similar to Harry
Potter in some senses you get that same
magical realm obviously um also
something very comforting in it there's
something quite ottoman all and wintery
and it really got me excited for these
colder seasons the next six things are
actually short stories and they are from
the book mysteries and mayhem which was
edited by Catherine wood fine it's just
a collection of mysteries and I do like
mystery stories even though these ones
are quite juvenile I haven't finished
the whole collection yet but these are
the ones that I read Emily in the
detectives by susie day rain on my
parade by alan can a lot the mystery of
the green room by commenting wah-wah i
can't say that i'm sorry
the mystery of diablo canyon circle by
Caroline Lawrence smell Foster in the
Hound of the Baskervilles by Julia
Goulding and dazzle dog biscuits and
disaster by q-tip and casts the next
book is wool jumpers by Peter Schreyer I
think it's pronounced and this is about
the Berlin Wall my sister actually read
this and recommended it to me and it's
these stories of people who tried to
overcome the boundary between the two in
some senses it actually makes the war
last pond force and that's powerful
but on the other hand it just affirms
how much it limited people in their
everyday lives and also the separation
that it entails because you've got this
massive divide between East and West
Berlin people just being completely
separate from the other half the next
book that I read is rethinking life and
death by Peter Singer
which is really just questioning how we
can define death in the current age of
Medicine so is death when your heart
stops beating or is it when you know not
have any brain activity and there were
lots of case studies that he mentioned
he brings in the key debates of the aged
white outdated but nonetheless very
interesting lots of questions regarding
euthanasia a voluntary and involuntary
active and passive and also abortion the
next book that I read is the grasses
singing by Doris Lessing this is set in
South Africa and it exploring racism I
was actually very fascinated by this
book
and I'm not going to go into too much
detail now but if you'd like me to do
another video explaining my views on
what I was reading then please let me
know and I will form a video on it the
next book is the uncommon errs and this
is the first in a series again it
reminded me a lot actually of Harry
Potter because you have two different
realms you have you know the normal
world which would be the muggle world
and then you've got this separate very
mystical world it's a realm where you
have common and on uncommon objects it's
very witty about is supposed to use to
cure your trousers and very cleverly the
uncommon object of this is able to help
you fly the cleaners it keeps you up I'm
really just gonna run through these next
few quite quickly because I'm turning
out in five minutes and I need to be
quite speedy now the next book is child
of green hedges by Imogen Smallwood
which is the memoirs of Enid Blyton's
water as a massive fan of Enid Blyton as
a Charles I found this really
interesting and especially how you can
actually use
Blyton's own experiences and apply it to
her novels and how her life was able to
influence her work it's a classic
counter-argument to the author is dead
argument I suppose really interesting
for anybody who liked Enid Blyton's a
child then I read two plays which were
applied spirit and Antigone and both of
these woful under the next book I read
is the chines by Charles Dickens I'm a
massive Dickens fan he's my favorite
Victorian author it's a great commentary
on kind of life and death and
appreciating life and then I read
Allegiant by Veronica Roth I've read the
other two books in the series but I
never actually finished the divergent
series and so I'm glad that I finally
managed to do it then I read shell shock
in France 1914 to 1918 by Charles S
Myers which I actually did so I could
form a greater knowledge of World War
one because we're studying next year for
English and this is really just
exploring shell-shocked Purse traumatic
stress disorder and the first use of the
term shell-shocked and how it was
observed in the British military there
are two other essays on shell-shocked
and leaves the last two things that I
read which are shell shock and mild
traumatic brain injury a historic review
by Edgar James 2007 and from shell shock
and war neurosis to post-traumatic
stress disorder by Mark Antoine
so thank you so much for watching I hope
that you enjoyed this video and I
you're able to derive some new books to
read from what I read that last month
will imply I do have a Goodreads account
the link will be in the description you
can follow my reviews also remember that
I have published a book I remote the
Parker study list on Kindle thank you
again and have a productive week
you